log entery 1 - 12/21/2020:
- I have finished taking notes on the selected sources which was the programmable
  robotic arm by ryan chan and the robotic arm with controller by HomeMadeGarbage. 
  my next plan is to write up the first draft of my version of the robotic arm, however
  this robotic arm will follow closely with Ryan Chan's robotic arm. 

- the main goal is to be able to move a robotic arm and to recall its movemements. 
  in the end we want to be able to make a robotic arm that can hold circuit components
  and remember the positions and to be able to controll it remotely. 

- my next move is to create the first draft of the project code and to make a simulation or
  a model of the project. then I will write up the schematic for the record using eagle. 
  I will also consider making the length of the arm to be 5.90 inches and 3.54 inches for 
  the fore arm.

log entry 2 - 12/21/2020:
- I have finished making the first draft of the code. the code follows closely with ryan 
  chan. the next thing I will do is to start on the simulations and write down any findings. 
  the structure will most likely resemble Ryan Chan's work. 

- I have finished the simulation part of the project and everything seems alright but the
  physical would provid more insight.  the only problem is the last LED that should
  indicate that the data is saved. however this problem is minimal and the serial monitor 
  should indicate if the position is saved.

log entry 3 - 12/23/2020:
- I have made the prototype on the test bench, but it appears I have made some changes.
  pin 5 is connected to the base, pin 6 is connected to the first part of the arm
  pin 9 is connected to the forarm joint. I have also added a 20 V capacitor, we will see
  how the circuit will react. 

- the first try of uplading and testing the code it seems that the servo motors are not 
  responding to the potentiometers. upon futher inspection the potentiometers are not 
  connected properly the potentiometers are only connected to power and not ground. 

- I have made some progress on the project but i also included another capacitor so that 
  the signals from the potentiometer is clean as possible. perhaps with ceramic capacitors I
  could have cleaner input to output. 